补充 v2.4.7 Gradle 升级说明 (#1968)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/publish/setup-native-development.md

#### Before Creator v2.4.7

The supported version of Android Gradle before Creator v2.4.7 is **4.10.x**, and the corresponding Gradle Tool version is **3.x** (v3.2.0 is recommended). When using Android Studio to compile, please **do not** upgrade when prompted to upgrade the Android Gradle Plugin.

![gradle-update](setup-native-development/gradle-update.png)

- View the file path for the Android Gradle version as: `YourProject\build\jsb-link\frameworks\runtime-src\proj.android-studio\build.gradle`
- View the file path for the Gradle Tool version as: `YourProject\build\jsb-link\frameworks\runtime-src\proj.android-studio\gradle\wrapper\gradle-wrapper.properties`

#### Creator v2.4.7 and later

Creator v2.4.7 upgrades the Android Gradle version to **6.7.1** and the corresponding Gradle Tool version to **4.2.2**. This upgrade mainly requires attention to the **File Directory** and **Old Functionality Module** sections.

- **File Directory**

  All Android projects with `instant-app` may encounter problems due to the following adjustments to the file directory of `instantApp` for this upgrade:

>     - Removed `game` and merged the project settings from `build.gradle` into `instantapp`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    + Merged `game` setting into `instantapp` 
```

    - Upgraded `gradle plugin`, the original lower version of the plugin will have renaming problem in the higher version, for example, the developer may need to add `useAndroidX` to enable the original old plugin.

      > **Note**:
      >
      > 1. On the **File Directory**, deprecate the `instantapp` and `game` modules and merge them into a new `instantapp` module. New features that were to be added to the deprecated module will need to be added to the new `instantapp` module after the upgrade.

>       > 2. Since the original `instantapp` module's instant app functionality has been merged into the base application module, to compile the instant app, set the project as `instantapp`, i.e. **manually** check the option in the following image:

Author: ```suggestion
      > 2. Since the original `instantapp` module's instant app functionality has been merged into the base app module, to publish to the Android Instant platform, need to set the project as `instantapp` in Android Studio: click **Run -> Edit Configurations** in the top menu bar, then check **Deploy as instant app** in the panel that opens, as shown in the following image:
```

      >
      >     ![gradle plugin](setup-native-development/gradle-plugin.png)
      >
      >     Since this option cannot be saved by `build.gradle`, it can only be enabled manually by the developer.

>     - The new project will have no problems with building the new App.

Author: ```suggestion
    - New projects will have no problems when publishing to the Android Instant platform.
```
